I saw UFO once I was a SO 9 playing in the street with a friend who's a couple of years old. And we saw a featureless silver disk hovering over the houses we watched it for a few seconds and it shocked away incredibly quickly even as a kid I got angry it was ignoring the laws of physics. We went inside to tell the grown ups and they were skeptical you'd be skeptical to rise. I got my own back a few years later one of those grown ups told me last night I saw a flying saucer I was coming up with the pub after a few drinks I stopped in NASA can explain onsite. Psychologists have shown we contrast our brains to tell the truth it's easy to fool ourselves I saw something but what's more likely that I saw an alien spacecraft or that my brain misinterpreted the data my eyes were getting it. Ever since I've wondered why don't we see flying sources floating around at the very least why don't we see life out there in the cosmos it's a puzzle and I've discussed it with dozens of experts from different disciplines of the past 3 decades and is no consensus front brake began searching for 18 signals back in 1960 so far nothing and with each passing year this non observation this lack of evidence for any alien activity gets more puzzling because we should see them should weigh. The universe is 13.8000000000 years old give or take if we represent the age of the universe by one year then our species came into being about 12 minutes before midnight 30 December 1. Western civilization has existed for a few seconds extraterrestrial civilizations could started in the summer months. Imagine a sum of civilization developing a level of technology more advanced than ours the tech based on a accepted physics done talking one holds a wall drives one after. Just an extrapolation of the sort of tech that Ted celebrates not civilization could program self replicating problems to visit every planetary system in the galaxy if they launched the first problems just after midnight one always stay. Then before breakfast same day they could have colonized the galaxy.
